node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 0 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 1 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 2 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 3 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 4 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 5 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 6 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 7 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 8 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 9 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 10 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 11 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 12 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 13 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 14 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 15 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 16 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 17 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 18 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 19 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 20 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 21 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 22 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 23 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 24 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 25 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 26 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 27 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 28 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 29 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 30 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 31 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 32 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 33 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 34 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 35 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 36 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 37 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 38 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 39 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 40 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 41 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 42 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 43 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 44 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 45 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 46 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 47 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 48 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 49 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.snapchat.android 50 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt



node scrape.js com.instagram.android 0 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 1 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 2 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 3 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 4 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 5 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 6 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 7 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 8 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 9 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 10 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 11 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 12 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 13 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 14 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 15 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 16 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 17 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 18 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 19 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 20 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 21 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 22 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 23 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 24 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 25 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 26 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 27 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 28 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 29 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 30 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 31 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 32 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 33 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 34 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 35 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 36 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 37 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 38 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 39 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 40 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 41 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 42 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 43 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 44 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 45 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 46 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 47 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 48 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 49 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.instagram.android 50 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt

node scrape.js com.pandora.android 0 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 1 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 2 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 3 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 4 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 5 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 6 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 7 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 8 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 9 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 10 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 11 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 12 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 13 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 14 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 15 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 16 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 17 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 18 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 19 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 20 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 21 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 22 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 23 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 24 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 25 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 26 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 27 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 28 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 29 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 30 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 31 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 32 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 33 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 34 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 35 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 36 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 37 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 38 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 39 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 40 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 41 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 42 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 43 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 44 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 45 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 46 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 47 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 48 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 49 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
node scrape.js com.pandora.android 50 >> scraped_reviews_snap_insta_pand.txt
